>> Brian: So, Babel is a really awesome
tool that came out a couple years ago.
It was called Six to Five for
a while and it was written
by an Australian high school kid which
just makes me feel woefully inadequate.
[LAUGH] And basically what it does
is it takes future JavaScript,
right, ES6, which was at the time
future JavaScript, it still kind of is.
And it compiles that down to es5,
which about 98 or
97% of browsers today understand, right.
So it takes this future JavaScript and
compiles it to older JavaScript.
So that you can write the new syntax and
enjoy in all that funness and
productivity benefits.
And still ship code that can
run in every browser, right?
I think all of us have
tried to ship code that
doesn't work in this version of mobile
Safari or something stupid like that.
I have, I have that problem a lot.
More than I care to admit.
So that's what six to five was.
They decided that that
was too limited a scope,
that the project itself was too useful to
just be limited to just Six to Five so
they renamed it to Babel, and
basically made this platform for
transforming one type of code
to another type of code, right?
And that basically said okay,
here is these plugins.
Transform this particular code in this
particular way to this output, right?
So they did that, they included all
the plug ins to make es6 into es5, right?
And that's all super useful, but they've
also now opened this platform up to be
able to transform many
different types of code, right?
So one of the things that they allow you
to do is they allow you to transform JSX,
which I haven't talked about before but
we're about to talk about.
Which is not standard JavaScript, right.
It's not part of the JavaScript language,
it will never be a part of
the JavaScript language.
But they allow you to include these
kind of custom transforms yourself.
I mean you can go as far to write your own
macros if that was something interesting
to you, not that I would suggest it but
it's a very very powerful tool and
surprisingly easy to write like I'm not
a big computer scientist by any mean,
but writing a Babel
plug in is not too bad.
So amazing tool.
And that's what we're
going to be using today.
And basically, if you're not using
Babel today in your production code,
I would suggest it at least
exploring it for your team.
I think it's pretty phenomenal.
And I would say it's
battle tested to all hell.
Like Netflix uses it in production,
Reddit used in production, basically every
Silicon Valley company that I can
think of uses Babel in production.
So it's okay, you can use it.
Any questions about
theoretically what Babel is?
>> Brian: Cool, so
the first thing we're gonna do,
Babel ships with no
configuration of its own, right,
it doesn't know, basically it's just
a dumb thing that doesn't do anything
until you give it plugins to
transform the code, right?
So you have to tell it like, hey,
I want you to transform the code in this
particular way, which we need to give
it a configuration file to do that.
So we're gonna create a new file,
inside of the complete intro to React
root directory, and it's going to be
called .babelrc, you must call it that.
.babelrc.
Okay, save that.
Yes.
Use dot.
Okay, and it's going to be a JSON file.
So you have to adhere to JSON standards.
Okay, and
we are going to give it two presets.
>> Brian: Okay, presets, and
that's gonna be an array.
The first one is going to be react.
And the second one is going to be another
array, with "es2015",
with an object "modules": false.
>> Brian: So React has, or
sorry Babel has two concepts.
It has the concept of a plugin and
it has the concept of a preset.
And all a preset is,
is just a group of plugins.
That's all it is.
So in this particular case we have
es2015 which is all the transformations
necessary to get from es5 to es6,
es6 to es5 rather.
[COUGH]
So
it includes all of those plugins, right?
There's a plugin for generators.
There's a plugin for arrow functions.
There's a plugin for let and cons.
There's a plugin for all of these
different transformations that need to
happen to go from es6 to es5, right?
It's very convenient to just throw,
it's like, hey,
just give me everything from es2015.
Don't do that in production.
[LAUGH] This is okay for development.
>> Brian: It's okay for development.
But the reason why this is not okay for
production, is it includes
a lot of polyfills.
And a lot of extra code to get
that es six code working, and
if you're not actively using that code,
you're just shipping crap down the wire.
Which you don't wanna do, right?
You wanna keep your production
bundles as small as possible.
Like for example,
this will include the generator
polyfill which is like 50 kilobytes?
Something like that, which is just,
if you're not using it,
then dear God don't ship it down the wire.
So what you would do instead,
you would instead include plugins.
You don't have to do this,
I'm just showing you.
Which would be another array, and you
would just put all the different plugins
that you actively want to include, right?
And then don't include anything else.
But because this is just a fun app in
we're just doing it because we wanna learn
or we're just going to include all of it.
Okay.
What React is,
this is all of the JSX transformation so
this is going to allow us to write
basically kind of an extended set of
JavaScript, which is going to
compile down to readable ES5.
And I will show you momentarily
what that actually is.
But, suffice to say it's just another
group of plugins to get us to ES5.
Okay, let's talk about this array since,
you didn't know I could talk for so
much about six lines of code, did you?
[LAUGH] I'm good at that.
Okay, so
let's talk about this particular line.
So when you give it an array,
this is just basically saying like,
here's a configuration object
in addition to the preset,
and we're gonna say, do not transform
the es6 module imports, right?
The reason why we're doing this
is specifically for webpack two,
because we want webpack two to take
care of the modules, and not Babel.
Otherwise, Babel is going to take care
of your modules for you, which for
the most part is fine.
But specifically with web pack two,
and roll up js,
if you're interested in that packager,
you want
the packager to take care of the modules
because they can do tree shaking right?
Which basically says only include
code that actually gets run.
So that's why we're
doing the modules false.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Travis is asking if you add
plugin then you're limiting it to just
those plugins?
>> Brian: Precisely,
which is exactly what you want.
Okay, so modules false,
that's why you wanna do that.
Otherwise, it's gonna be packaged
in such a way that Uglify
cannot take out code, right?
I mean, you want Uglify to be able to
strip out code that has no potential way
of being run, right?
So again,
this is going back to tree shaking.
And tree shaking is another term that,
it is synonymous
with live code inclusion, which is
different than dead code and elimination.
There's a little nuance there.
But also, I don't get why tree shaking and
a live code inclusion are the same thing.
It seems like that's kind of counter
intuitive, but it is, I promise.
That basically, Uglify is going
to go through your code and say,
we can never go down this code path like,
based on what I can tell about this code.
We're never gonna go down this code path,
and don't include any of this.
So it only includes code
that can ever get run.
So that's why we're doing this.
Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 2: So question from Bryan.
Does the React preset work for production?
>> Brian: Yeah.
No, that one is fine.
It's only like 4 or
5 plugins whereas the es2015 one
is like 40 plugins or something.
I'm making that up,
it's a large amount of plugins.
That's a good question.
Something else we're gonna
do real quick here, and
I leave this up to you whether or
not you think it's a good idea or not.
I'm gonna say "loose": true.
Now what is loose?
By default it shifts what these plugins
that adhere to
the JavaScript's spec exactly.
At the cost of making it much larger and
much slower,
but it's going to adhere to every
last iota of this JavaScript spec.
And when I say that, what happens
when you call array.iterator or
array.from with a dom list that's empty,
right?
These crazy, crazy edge cases
that they have to provide for but
you're never gonna hit, right?
So what loose does is it leaves
out all those crazy edge cases and
just includes the fast smaller polyfills.
I'm personally okay with this because it
cuts down on my bundle size a lot and
I'm not going after
those crazy edge cases.
I will say if you hit one of those crazy
edge cases, you will regret doing this.
[LAUGH] So be careful.
>> Speaker 2: Question from Michael,
are you giving some error about unused
code when the tree shaking occurs?
>> Brian: No,
cuz it's not really an error, right?
For the most part,
you don't write code that's not included.
if you're writing code
that's not included,
you should just delete it, right?
>> Speaker 2: The question might not
necessarily be specifically error, but
message indication, something?
>> Brian: I don't think so,
because it's gonna be eliminating
a lot of code from your modules.
Which is actually what you want.
And I think that would be really noisy.
So I don't think so.
There might be some debug way to run
webpack, but I don't know what it is.
>> Brian: So, a distinction I should make.
We have kind of three tools at work here.
We talked a little about webpack,
we talked a little bit about Babel, and
then secretly there's also Uglify running
which webpack includes in and of itself.
So you have Babel that transforms
your code from es6 to es5.
By saying modules false we're saying hey,
leave the import statements alone and
let webpack worry about that.
So that's why I say modules
false it's like hey,
you don't have to worry about this.
I'm gonna let webpack worry about this.
Webpack picks up and bundles all of your
code into such a way that it can still be
run, and then what Uglify is going to to
is it's going to through and wipe out all
the code that doesn't get used, and then
uglifies, concatenates, all that stuff.
So, does that make sense kind of
the progressions of tools that's
going on here?
It's kind of convoluted and
not intuitively obvious,
especially when something breaks and
you don't know which layer it broke in.
But for the most part, you don't
have to care about Uglify, right?
Uglify is just running in the wings and
is super old and super well-tested.
So, it doesn't break.
I've never had an Uglify problem before.
But, yeah.